docs: Update Kubernetes docs to use TLS by default (#1298)
redpanda-data/documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.3/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/shared/guides/_external-access-intro.mdx

> If you want to connect to the Redpanda cluster with external clients, Redpanda brokers must advertise an externally accessible address that external clients can connect to. External clients are common in Internet of Things (IoT) environments, or if you use external services that do not implement VPC peering in your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect to the Redpanda cluster with external clients, Redpanda brokers must advertise an externally accessible address that external clients can connect to. External clients are common in Internet of Things (IoT) environments or in systems using external services that do not implement VPC peering in your network.
```
